adds callout for acct level slack app integration (#8633)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/job-notifications.md

### Disable the Slack integration

1. Select **Account settings** and on the **Integrations** page, scroll to the **OAuth** section.

> 1. Click the **X** can icon (on the far right of the Slack integration) and click **Unlink**. Channels that you configured will no longer receive Slack notifications. _This is not an account-wide action._ Channels configured by other account admins will continue to receive Slack notifications if they still have active Slack integrations. To migrate ownership of a Slack channel notification configuration, have another account admin edit their configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the **X** icon (on the far right of the Slack integration) and click **Unlink**. Channels that you configured will no longer receive Slack notifications. _This is not an account-wide action._ Channels configured by other account admins will continue to receive Slack notifications if they still have active Slack integrations. To migrate ownership of a Slack channel notification configuration, have another account admin edit their configuration.
```

- You have a Slack workspace that you want to receive job notifications from.
- A <Constant name="dbt_platform"/> account admin must link the Slack app at the account level.
- Install the official <Constant name="dbt_platform"/> Slack app using the [steps outlined in the next section](#set-up-the-slack-integration-1).
- To install the Slack app to a workspace, your Slack org must permit app installations. In some orgs this requires a Slack admin approval.
- The integration only supports _public_ channels in the Slack workspace. 

After an account admin links the Slack app for the account, [any licensed user](/docs/cloud/manage-access/seats-and-users) in the account can configure Slack job notifications so long as they are assigned to the **Account Admin**, **Owner**, or **Member** default [groups](/docs/cloud/manage-access/about-user-access#groups). IT licenses don't have access to configure Slack job notifications.

### Set up the Slack integration

:::info

> The account-level Slack integration uses the official <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> Slack app, which is separate from the [user-linked Slack integration](#slack-notifications). To use the private beta Slack notifications, you must **unlink the old app** (in **Account settings** → **Integrations** → **OAuth**, click the **X** icon next to Slack and choose **Unlink**) and **link to the new official app** by clicking **Link** in the same OAuth section. Until you do this, the account-level Slack option will not appear.

Reviewer: The previous language as a bit hard to follow because the steps aren't numbered. Since this might be too long for a callout, maybe we can consider creating a subsection specifically for this? 

```suggestion
The account-level Slack integration uses the official <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> Slack app, which is separate from the [user-linked Slack integration](#slack-notifications). 

To use the private beta Slack notifications, you must unlink the old Slack app and then connect the new official app: 

1. Go to **Account settings** > **Integrations** > **OAuth**.
2. Click the **X** icon next to Slack and select **Unlink**.
3. In the same OAuth section, click **Link** to connect the official Slack app.

Until you do this, the account-level Slack option will not appear.
```
